in the field you are
emotionally unstable at co-founded
courage was deserved you are not
received you have a son of whom we know nothing
you miss him so much
and it's not a military leader whose
he needs it's a father it's
the opportunity to have some good
memories in common
we landed in disaster two
survivors confirmed
is that you know where it was better
Earth
there is a beacon of distress in the
back part of our pesos around
100 kilometers from here we have to
retrieve this tag where we are
sentenced to death on this planet the
temperatures fluctuates dangerously everything
on this planet evolved to kill
the man
together we will not survive
I hear something I detect a
form of life that goes to you 50 m
20 10
he found you
we have to cancel the mission would not
never given this order to our entire
you're not a ranger killed my son
we understand less well the danger is
very real
but being afraid is a choice
if we want survival and facades
to beat him